Add documentation for `ttnv3` source of `lorawan-stack-migrate` tool (#991)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/migrating/migrating-between-tts/_index.md

---
title: "Migrating End Devices between The Things Stack distributions"
description: ""
weight: 1
---

This section explains how to migrate your devices between {{% tts %}} distributions.

<!--more-->

> You can migrate your devices (e.g. from source {{% tts %}} to target {{% tts %}}) using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}), {{% tts %}} [Console]({{< ref "/getting-started/console" >}}) or {{% tts %}} [CLI]({{< ref "/getting-started/cli" >}}), depending on if you want to migrate them with or without their existing session, and how many devices you wish to migrate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple methods that you can use to migrate your devices from source {{% tts %}} to target {{% tts %}} depending on if you want to migrate them with or without their existing session, and how many devices you wish to migrate. Migration can be performed using the [migration tool]({{< ref "/getting-started/migrating/migration-tool" >}}), {{% tts %}} [Console]({{< ref "/getting-started/console" >}}) or {{% tts %}} [CLI]({{< ref "/getting-started/cli" >}}.
```

Reviewer: Break this sentence into something like this, it's easier to read
